" Slow , lad , slow , " he said . " They might round upon us in a twinkle of an eye if we was seen to hurry . " Very deliberately , then , did we advance across the sand to where the doctor awaited us on the other side of the stockade , and as soon as we were within easy speaking distance Silver stopped . " You 'll make a note of this here also , doctor , " says he , " and the boy 'll tell you how I saved his life , and were deposed for it too , and you may lay to that . Doctor , when a man 's steering as near the wind as me -- playing chuck-farthing with the last breath in his body , like--you would n't think it too much , mayhap , to give him one good word ?"
Sora and the one known as the Keyblade Hunter were in the cells till dawn . " Okay mate , hit that stone with the carving of a heart on it . " Sora did as he was told . CRUNCH ! The wall slid open and Sora and the Keyblade Hunter went through it . " Are you sure this will get us outta here ? " " Positive mate . " He said . He turned around and Sora saw he had a tail . " You 're a demon ? " He asked . " Half demon , now c ' mon ! " Are we there yet ? " Tidus asked , while he was fishing . " We should get there by tommor - Holy ! What is that ? " Everyone looked up to see that the water was rising .
A boy asked his father , " How much do you earn in an hour ? " The father got mad and answered roughly , " Do n't bother me . " He was tired and irritable after a tough day at work , but the boy insisted . " Please , how much do you earn ? " The father said in a bad tone of voice , " six pounds . " Then his son asked , " Father can you loan me three pounds ? " The father said to him in an angry tone , " I told you not to bother me , shut up and go to your room ! " At bedtime the father was more calm and felt bad about the way he had treated his son . He went upstairs to his son's room and asked , " Are you asleep ? " He gave to the boy the three pounds that he had asked for . The boy thanked his father , put his hand under his pillow , pulled out three pound coins , and said , " I have six pounds father , could I buy one hour of your time ? "
Near a great forest there lived a poor woodcutter and his wife , and his two children ; the boy's name was Hansel and the girl's Grethel . They had very little to bite or to sup , and once , when there was great dearth in the land , the man could not even gain the daily bread . As he lay in bed one night thinking of this , and turning and tossing , he sighed heavily , and said to his wife , " What will become of us ? we can not even feed our children ; there is nothing left for ourselves . "
