The University provides a range of business services including ; contract research , consultancy , training and access to specialist equipment . In the provision of its services to business the University aims to : Honour customer confidentiality Provide a friendly , courteous and respectful service Provide prompt handling of all enquiries . Commitment to excellence through providing value and choice . Apply professional performance and quality in order to deliver to the highest standard of service for total customer satisfaction . Maintain the highest levels of business integrity and ethical standards delivering an impartial service that puts the customer first Develop and work to agreed specifications Maintain effective communications and establish long term relationships with customers Contribute to business development Ensure that the business needs of our customers are satisfied . Evaluate our performance by the level of customer satisfaction . Listen to and learn from our customers' comments and reflect them in our management . Meet , or exceed , customer expectations . If customers complain about any service we provide , we will seek to resolve the issue as quickly as possible and undertake to prevent such problems in the future . </doc> 
With accreditation to BS EN ISO 9001 : 2000 for all of our project consultancy activities , our Business Management System ( BMS ) allows us to deliver a consistently high level of service on every assignment . Our commitment to quality starts from our initial contact with each client and continues throughout the delivery of our services , including : The BMS is subject to a continuous process of review and development . This ensures that Improcom's business process continues not only to support our consultants in the field but also to respond to the needs of our clients . The high quality standards we employ help keep clients coming back to Improcom . </doc> 
Demonstrating its continued value and commitment to the K-12 education market , Cisco ( NASDAQ : CSCO ) showcased how school district customers are using their networks as platforms for enriching the learning environment , enhancing student performance , improving safety , and reducing operating expenses while preparing students for the future . The school districts include Kent School District in the state of Washington , School District No. 23 in Kelowna , B.C. , and the Brevard School District , in Viera , Fla. Each of these districts is committed to providing a top-notch educational experience , and in each case , the use of advanced Cisco networking technologies such as switching , wireless and service solutions is playing an integral part in the district's success . " Increasingly , K-12 schools are recognizing the value of using the network as a platform for innovative forms of education and communication . As new media-rich , bandwidth-intensive education , safety and administration applications are developed , schools are realizing they need infrastructures with the performance , reliability and flexibility these new tools require , " said Marie Hattar , vice president of network systems and security marketing for Cisco . " Our goal for K-12 education customers is to equip them with the tools they need to support current applications and ready them to handle tomorrow's application advances , so they can enrich the learning experience of their students and better prepare them for the future . " Cisco switching , wireless and service solutions that are enhancing the learning environment in K-12 schools include : Cisco Catalyst ® Switches with Power over Ethernet ( PoE ) . These help simplify wireless deployments and help enable unified communications deployments by providing an integrated solution that extends inline switch power to wireless access points and phones . 10 Gigabit Ethernet . This helps enable schools to more easily deploy video solutions such as Cisco IPTV , which can be used to reach a geographically dispersed audience , and Video on Demand , which can provide convenient continuing education options for teachers . Cisco Unified Wireless Networks . Wireless LAN controllers with lightweight wireless access points allow schools to efficiently deploy , secure and centrally manage a wireless network . Cisco SMARTnet ® Service . The operational health of a school's network is maintained through 24x7 direct access to Cisco expertise and resources that promote greater network availability and extend the value of IT investment . </doc> 
PHOTONEX , the UK's annual photonics , lasers and optical instrumentation event , will be held on 5-6 October . The exhibition of 150 different companies and organisations is supplemented by a technical programme and networking activities . This year's event will be brimming with new products , ideas and a breathtaking range of photonics and optoelectronic components , tools , instruments , materials , software , systems , services and applicable optical technologies . There will also be free seminars , arranged by Photonics Cluster , the UK Industrial Vision Association and the Institute of Physics Optical Group . For the first time this year , the exhibition is featuring a special photonics demonstration area , supported by the DTI , to host demonstrations of the work of LINK ISD and OSDA projects , university groups and knowledge transfer networks ( KTN ) . These demonstrations show the progress being made , in the UK , in the development of next generation photonics products . Back to top Event : PHOTONEX 05 When : 5 October , 10am-5pm and 6 October , 10am-4pm Venue : Hall 2 , Stoneleigh Park , near Coventry ( free parking available ) Details : There is free entry to PHOTONEX 05 , but do register before the event to secure your place . For full details of the event , and to register for a free visitor pack , visit </doc> 
IDS International HR Due Diligence Checklist Assessing risk and finding value in mergers and acquisitions Over the past decade this publication has been used by hundreds of companies . Now a new edition is available - updated , expanded and enhanced in the light of users' experience . Of all business situations , the most rife with uncertainty and risk is when two organisations are moving towards each other with merger - or acquisition - in mind . All too often , the human aspects of mergers are ignored until late in the process . And yet the chance of success or failure frequently hinges on people . Increasingly , due diligence assessments are being extended to take fuller account of HR . Since its launch a decade ago , many hundreds of companies have used the IDS International HR Due Diligence Checklist to help them in this process . Now there is a new edition of the checklist , updated and revised in conjunction with consultants Cornwell Consulting . It provides a practical intelligence-gathering tool to help HR specialists get to grips with the challenge of conducting broad-based HR due diligence . How does it work ? The publication contains a set of checklist , ordered to ensure that examination of a target company begins by looking at deal fundamentals , and access to data , followed by the cultural and business context . It then follows the logic of the employment contract from recruitment to termination . The publication aims to ensure that you do not leave any important - and potentially costly - aspect of HR policy unexplored . What 's in the checklist ? Work through a series of structured checklists , either by desk research or local interviews , to answer questions covering all the key areas of concern , including : recruitment contracts of employment training and development pay , pensions and benefits performance and quality management working time equal treatment representation and communication security , safety and other liabilities termination retirement and pensions View the contents list in PDF Who uses it ? With over 100 pages of questions , the checklist provides a structured approach for HR professionals . It offers help for those : involved in exercising due diligence as part of an overseas - or domestic - acquisition undertaking a strategic review of personnel policies in another country or entering international HR management for the first time , using the checklist as an orientation tool . Buying your copy You can purchase a copy of the IDS International HR Due Diligence Checklist for £ 148 + £ 25.90 VAT ( IDS Members can purchase a copy for £ 108 + £ 18 . 90VAT ) + £ 5 postage ( £ 10 for overseas ) . Order your copy online or call IDS Customer Services on 020 7324 2599 . Search the IDS website Advanced search Site map Buy your copy You can purchase a copy of the IDS International HR Due Diligence Checklist for £ 148 + £ 25.90 VAT ( IDS Members can purchase a copy for £ 108 + £ 18 . 90VAT ) + £ 5 postage ( £ 10 for overseas ) . Order your copy online I would prefer to telephone or fax my order </doc> 
